Add links to alternatives to the readme (#1006)
JuliaData/CSV.jl: README.md

[codecov-url]: https://codecov.io/gh/JuliaData/CSV.jl

[issues-url]: https://github.com/JuliaData/CSV.jl/issues

## Alternatives

There are several other packages for reading CSV files in Julia, which may suit your needs better:

> * The standard library contains [DelimitedFiles.jl](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/stdlib/DelimitedFiles/),
>   which is perfect for quickly reading small files.

Author: Good point. Maybe something like this:
```suggestion
* The standard library contains [DelimitedFiles.jl](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/stdlib/DelimitedFiles/).
  This returns a `Matrix` rather than a `DataFrame`, thus works best for files of homogenous element type. 
  On large files, CSV.jl will be much faster.
```

>   which is perfect for quickly reading small files.

Reviewer: A couple more notes:

CSV doesn't return a DataFrame by default, it returns a CSV.File, so we should be careful not to imply it does

DelimitedFiles won't be a stdlib in upcoming Julia versions, I think

>   which is perfect for quickly reading small files.

Reviewer 2: Looks good.

>   which is perfect for quickly reading small files.

Reviewer 3: > DelimitedFiles won't be a stdlib in upcoming Julia versions 
That's slightly horrifying

* [CSVFiles.jl](https://github.com/queryverse/CSVFiles.jl) uses the [FileIO.jl](https://github.com/JuliaIO/FileIO.jl) API 
  into any [IterableTables.jl](https://github.com/queryverse/IterableTables.jl) sink.

>   The package uses [TextParse.jl](https://github.com/queryverse/TextParse.jl) for parsing.

Author: I copied this text from https://github.com/queryverse/TextParse.jl . But it's not terribly helpful for knowing which to choose. Both packages use Tables.jl, what's the most obvious sign you ought to use one or the other?

Author: Paging @davidanthoff -- how best should CSVFiles.jl be described?

Reviewer 4: I think I wouldn't mention the IterableTables.jl story, because one should be able to materialize CSVFiles into any Tables.jl sink as well. The main difference here is really just that CSVFiles.jl uses a different parsing code than CSV.jl.

Reviewer 5: I think it could be worth mentioned the FileIO.jl integration, since I think some people prefer the `load`/`save` api.

Author: Perhaps:
```suggestion
* [CSVFiles.jl](https://github.com/queryverse/CSVFiles.jl) and uses the [FileIO.jl](https://github.com/JuliaIO/FileIO.jl) API,
  but otherwise has similar goals. Like CSV.jl, it works with [Tables.jl](https://github.com/JuliaData/Tables.jl objects.
```

[codecov-url]: https://codecov.io/gh/JuliaData/CSV.jl

[issues-url]: https://github.com/JuliaData/CSV.jl/issues

## Alternatives

There are several other packages for reading CSV files in Julia, which may suit your needs better:

> * The standard library contains [DelimitedFiles.jl](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/stdlib/DelimitedFiles/).

Reviewer 6: DelimitedFiles is going to be removed from the stdlib soon, so probably better anticipate the wording and say "used to be in the stdlib": https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/pull/45540.

Author: Maybe this should wait until it can mention a version number? Can't be before 1.9, and since 1.8 is not yet released.

Author: ```suggestion
* The standard library contains [DelimitedFiles.jl](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/stdlib/DelimitedFiles/), at least until Julia 1.8.
```

  This returns a `Matrix` rather than a [Tables.jl](https://github.com/JuliaData/Tables.jl)-style container, thus works best for files of homogenous element type. 
  On large files, CSV.jl will be much faster.

* [CSVFiles.jl](https://github.com/queryverse/CSVFiles.jl) uses the [FileIO.jl](https://github.com/JuliaIO/FileIO.jl) API 
  into any [IterableTables.jl](https://github.com/queryverse/IterableTables.jl) sink.
  The package uses [TextParse.jl](https://github.com/queryverse/TextParse.jl) for parsing.

* [DLMReader.jl](https://github.com/sl-solution/DLMReader.jl) also aims to be fast for large files,

>   closely associated with [InMemoryDatasets.jl](https://github.com/sl-solution/InMemoryDatasets.jl).

Author: > DLMReader.jl is a great reference because it supports some more exotic parsing configurations if you need to get really custom.

Should this link say something like "exotic custom parsing"?
